it was up this is 50-cent coming at you
live on max boxing right here with my
man radio right him I'm about to
interview him he thought he was going to
if you meet we right here at the media
today for Gamboa we will get a chance to
watch some shakeout is going down
December 8th Manny Pacquiao Marquez when
they said I was promoted you didn't
think I was gonna be promoting I did you
it's going down right here so you had
any questions for me I do I do you know
most people in the boxing world is
introduced to you in this sport through
Floyd Mayweather and 24/7 but a lot of
people don't know that you actually
competed in boxing you were just
competed as an amateur a long time ago I
kind of got distracted and went across
the street into the wrong things you
know the wrong area once he taught me
how to fight I was a little more
comfortable over there but now you know
I'm having an opportunity to actually
live vicariously through the great
fighters that I have around me and you
know just being around it is a lot of
fun for me and I keep in shape you try
to do portions of those workouts you see
how hard these boys work you would you
fall out have you seen what they
actually doing in process you know and
for me it's not just the relationship
with Floyd Mayweather it's a
relationship but Floyd kept me closer to
it than usual you know I mean a lot of
the actual fighters I had they had a
connection to the actual music and
passionate about it like if you I'm sure
you aware of void Jones's passion for
music when he's doing y'all must have
forgot like be rapping and using Mike
Tyson had Tyson records and in Floyd
Mayweather I had filthy rich records
the music is playing when they doing the
road work the music was playing in the
gym the music is playing in the car
the music is playing all over the place
so they're getting a chance to you know
to bring those two worlds together now
being around boxing for as long as you
have and and seeing what's happening
with Floyd Mayweather and the Pacquiao
boxing promoters are a dime a dozen to
some extent and a lot of people feel
like they're actually the ones hindering
this sport so you being a new fledgling
boxing promoter what are you bringing to
the sport what are you gonna do for box
boat to make the exciting fights you
know and I'm lucky enough to be only
associated with fighters that are
willing to take the tough fights you
know so when you get a lot of promoters
out there that aren't in a great
financial space
they kind of hold on baby you only got
one fighter we're fighting you got to
hold on you let hold up I'm not letting
him fight gambol is you kidding me I'm
doing hi my 850 they don't care how much
you gonna pay for that one bail if that
that's it if that's your livelihood and
it's all you actually have as an asset
you will try and protect it and that's
the difference between the UFC and the
MMA fights because they have control
over who fights who because they under a
single arm brother now one of the best
things about being a promoter is being
able to bring the press to your talent
into your events obviously you have
tremendous media draw when it comes to
fans associating you with Floyd
Mayweather and seeing you at a Pacquiao
event now partnering with Pacquiao do
you want to set the record straight and
let people know what's really going on
there with this relationship is it is it
a splitting of the ways are you guys
competitors now are you still brothers
well it's my brother
competitors we be competitive as if he
was fighting Gamboa so what I'm saying
like right now like this it's mine we
still have the same relationship I'd be
more upset if Floyd Mayweather for not
calling me when his son breaks his arm
then deciding to not financially be
involved in the actual business venture
is Gamboa
he retains his value on Dee Darrell the
same you know so a lot of the actual you
could feel like he did something wrong
if he made you invest in something that
was worth nothing you know and you had
no knowledge of you know when he was
going into it and then who should you
blame at that point you should probably
blame yourself if you weren't making
yourself aware of what you were
investing in it sounds like if you're
still hurt that he didn't inform me
about his son's injury and you're saying
that he's your brother
the Twitter wars and the back-and-forth
it's got people confused oh well is it
shouldn't be confused I can say all I
say anything about Philemon but I don't
care what they talk about don't you say
nothing about Floyd Mayweather why I'm
standing there you get it now just a
wrap up I know you gotta go just to wrap
up your relationship with Bob Arum he's
obviously the premier boxing promoter in
the sport now you're are you working
under his umbrella are you guys
partnering what's the future of that
relationship what the opposed to SMS
promotions
I don't work under nobody fool you asked
me a question like that barbarians
800-pound gorilla we told my top ranked
you feel what I'm saying look at the top
fighters out there right now you see
Floyd Mayweather Miguel Cotto Manny
Pacquiao Bradley Timothy Bradley right
and they all got what in common top
ranked at some point
no I'm saying said I would say two yet a
better farming system and actually
invest it in the future because Don had
the top fighters at that period right
the dawning had them boys not dumb boys
I did that's why I brought the hair but
the hat said they would see that how the
figurative is gonna be cameras they see
your name on the promotion why should
they watch your fight instead of video
they already know that it's gonna be the
top competition out there you know I'm
saying so I'm I got my reputation on the
line you understand what you won't see
in the futures you won't see fighters
say 50 took all the money because that's
what you saw in the past right you know
ma this is not my soul my sole source of
income in this actual situation it's
really me being a part of it because I'm
passionate about it and I look forward
to making the best possible fights and
bring you the excitement that you
actually want to see Victor sit radio
Raheem I appreciate the time good luck
but SMS promotions what school did you
go to